I'll never forget the day, I got second Lisa Franks, the stickers were so cool, the colors
were awesome, I gotta find more, so I go to the store, and wow, there's tons of awesome
Lisa Frank stuff, I gotta have it, what more can I say, pretty soon my friends Ashley
and Lindsay are going to Lisa Franks, crazy too, so now we always get together and
have a dreamy of Seapover, the most outrageous party, and we're in the one and only club, Lisa Franks.
Now, life's a total blast, Lisa Franks, you gotta have it.
Team Tiger is brought to you by Kellogg's Frosted Plate.
We're on the American River at that 15-year-old Kyle Maranella, champion kayaker.
Where's reverse?
Here we go.
How's her and his stripes? So how about you?
Take practice and good eating.
Like a complete breakfast with a sweet crunch across the plate cereal.
There we go.
You can join the team and bring out the Tiger.
Yeah!
Like you stumble, stumble, surprise, eat tumble.
Baby, stumble, surprise.
There she is.
My shell's cracking.
She's beautiful.
Here we go.
Frank.
Is it loud?
Yeah.
Love hurts.
I was just an average kid until an accident changed my life.
And since then, nothing's been the same.
My best friend Ray thinks it's cool.
My sister Annie thinks it's a science project.
I can't let anyone else know.
Not even my parents.
I know the chemical plant was to find me and turn me into some experiment.
But you know something?
I guess I'm not so average anymore.
Alex, what are you still doing?
I thought you were one of the movies.
I am, but Annie's late.
We have to leave like right now.
Or I'll just wait until the next showing.
I can't go to the movies.
I have so much work to do and then I'm going to Bryce's for dinner.
Bryce's?
That's not fair.
You said you'd go with me.
Why don't you cancel on him?
I can't.
He really wants me to meet his sister who's in from college.
And if I don't go, then I'll never meet her.
Sorry.
That's great, Alex.
Don't be a brat.
Let me go.
Hey.
Can you believe that?
First she's late, then she cancels on me.
I'm sorry, Annie, but you know what?
I have a little work to finish up and then I can go with you.
That's okay, Mom.
Forget it.
Look, your sister's very busy right now.
Her life is changing.
You're just going to have to get used to it, I'm afraid.
Yeah, but we used to at least do stuff together.
Now she acts like I'm just in the way or something.
Oh, that's not true.
Yes, it is.
So, what you're telling me is if this substance you've developed comes in contact with GC-161
or anything containing its properties, it will react strongly?
Well, let me show you.
Excellent work.
Thank you.
Though I still don't quite understand why you wanted me to develop something like this, Miss Aitron.
You know, George, I plan to eventually fill you in on all of our long-range plans for GC-161,
but not yet, so drop it.
Oh, and I'd like for you to prepare for me a large amount of this sample to say a leader
and have it delivered to my office first thing in the morning.
I'm leaving.
I'll be back by 11.
Yes, you will.
Have a great time.
Oh, I forgot to tell you girls, the plant carnival is the day after tomorrow.
Oh, cool.
We can go after school.
I think I've outgrown the cotton candy and the ferris wheels.
I mean, we go together every year.
Not this year, Alex.
I'm sure you and your friends will have a much better time without me, okay?
See ya.
That's amazing.
Without even realizing it, he's given us the greatest tool yet for finding the kid.
Considering up till now our best tool is Dave, that's not surprising.
Thanks, Vince.
The most obvious place to use this substance is at the plant carnival.
I love a carnival.
What did you have in mind?
I was thinking of taking him out back, getting some honey and ready answers.
Not Dave, I mean the carnival.
What is every kid that comes to the carnival need?
A passion for fun.
A ticket.
We code each ticket with this substance, seal the exits, and sit back and wait for the results.
I love it.
So tonight is definitely out of the question.
Bryce, I can't just completely abandon my schoolwork.
That one knife that off isn't exactly abandonment, Annie.
I mean, I thought you decided you were going to live in the real world a little more.
Very funny.
Oh, what about tomorrow?
Tomorrow I'm doing this magic show at the plant carnival.
I do it every year.
Well, hey, why don't you help me out?
I can use an assistant.
You don't exactly strike me as the magic show type.
Well, no, I mean, it's pretty cool.
I don't wear a top hat or a sparkly jacket or anything.
I don't have the first thing about magic, Bryce.
Somehow I knew that.
Well, don't worry.
I mean, I promise you you'll have a great time.
And if you really hate it, then I promise that I'll join you at one of those
laugh-a-minute physics seminars that you go to.
So will you do it?
I guess it won't kill me.
Probably not.
Hey, Alex, you don't say hello?
Hey.
Did you know your sister's about to enter a new career?
Bryce.
She's working with me at the plant carnival.
You should come see her in action.
You're going to the carnival with Bryce, Annie?
Uh, yeah.
Just to help him out, to work.
Well, it's not really work.
Do me a favor, Annie.
Just don't talk to me anymore, OK?
She's so mad.
I'm not mad.
You wanted me immediately, Miss Atron?
Vince, I was just telling Mr. Lawless here how delighted we are
to have a visitor from the federal government.
What are you doing here?
When I fired you, I meant it, Gino.
That's Inspector Gino Lawless,
US government special investigator, Vince.
What?
Vince, you obviously know this man.
Yeah, he knows me.
And you should, too.
I worked for Vince in his security force.
Worst job I ever had.
Every day, he found a new way to humiliate us.
Oh, you just couldn't take the heat, Gino.
You're a sick person, Vince.
I feel sorry for you, I really do.
But I knew one day I'd get my revenge.
And here I am, with Uncle Sam backing me up.
Well, I don't care who you work for.
You can't just bust in here and make false accusations.
I remember what goes on here.
The secret midnight deliveries, the harsh, harsh chemical research.
You think you're playing with children here?
You have some imagination, Gino.
This is the safest, most law-biting chemical plant in the country.
We'll see about that, Vince.
I'm going through this place inch by inch.
And if I find so much as a dirty cup,
I'll burn you so bad your teeth will melt.
You'll need an official inspection notice, Wallace.
Oh, I have one, Vince.
Here's your 24-hour notice.
See you in the morning.
Vince, I need you to hide not only all GC-161,
but all research pertaining to it.
If he finds anything, we're sunk.
I'm on it.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm married, too.
That sounds like you're jealous, Alice.
Yeah, I thought you said you kind of liked this brice guy.
I did. I mean, I do.
Face you. You're just mad because Annie didn't go to the carnival with you this year.
It's not it. Completely.
Wouldn't you much rather go with us?
I mean, we're so much more...
Annoying?
That wasn't the word I was looking for.
Look, Alice, imagine if you had a little sister.
You wouldn't want her tagging along with us, would you?
Wow.
Brice is incredible. Who designed it?
Well, who do you think?
You did?
It's amazing. I never knew you were so creative.
You never asked.
So, what are you going to want me to do?
Wear a top hat and a sparkly jacket,
and hand me props when I need them.
Excuse me.
I'm just kidding.
I just have to teach you the tricks I'll be doing,
and you'll help me in setting up the illusion.
So you're in?
For you. Maybe.
Great.
Now, there's really only five tricks that magicians use
over and over again in different ways.
Watch.
See this hat? It's empty, right?
I don't know about you guys,
but our plan is just right.
Having had a bite to eat all day,
the body's prepared for a massive influx of junk food.
Maybe you should think twice, Frank.
I mean, what is junk food filled with?
Chemicals.
We're going to a carnival hosted by a chemical plant.
Imagine what's in their hot dogs.
And Nicole, you make chemicals sound like a bad thing.
Yes.
Ho, ho, ho! Here you go, kitties.
This ticket is your pass to all the fun
that the PVCP carnival has to offer.
You need to keep the tickets on you at all times.
Why?
Cos Miss H.I.N. is going to announce the winner
of the plant raffle,
and the number on your ticket is your raffle number.
Yeah, look, we really have a chance to win.
The number's going to be picked at random.
Everybody has a chance.
Oh, yeah, right.
How much you want to bet the winner's the kid
to the plant?
Hey, are you okay?
You look really pale.
Well, to be honest, no.
I'm starting to feel a little nauseous.
That veggie burger I had's talking to me,
and it's not happy.
Maybe we should just cancel the shop.
We can't cancel now.
I don't get donations until the end.
I'm pretty sure I can make it.
Pretty sure?
Well, yeah, and if I can't,
then you could do the show, eh?
Ho, no, I can't, right?
Sure you can.
You learned everything.
You know it as well as I do.
Bryce, I beg you, don't do that to me.
We thoroughly appreciate the government's concern
when it comes to safety, Mr. Lawless.
Lay off the sell job, Ms. Atron.
I know the only thing you appreciate is your profit margin.
Why?
You certainly seem to have a chip on your shoulder
when it comes to your experience here.
But I understand that Vince was probably a tough man.
Vince, Ms. Atron,
he's not only sadistic and cruel,
but I have no doubt he's engaged
in highly illegal and unethical practices
in the guise of being your security chief.
Tell me, why would the CEO of a chemical plant
need such a highly trained XCIA operative to protect her?
Perhaps we should finish the tour.
I'm sorry, Annie, I gotta stop.
No, Bryce, no way, don't do this to me!
Vince!
Vince?
Is it legal to block off the exits
and not let anybody leave?
Dave, you worry too much.
I mean about what's legal, what's not legal.
Besides, we're not preventing anyone from leaving,
we're just delaying their departures.
Want some cotton candy? I can get us some cotton candy.
Just keep your eyes out, Dave.
That substance is working like I hope it is.
There might be some kid out here
who wishes he or she
hadn't come out to the carnival today.
You know what, you guys should really lay off the food a little.
Come on, Nicole, don't be so boring.
You know what you wanna bite?
Lewis, get that thing away from me.
One body that in my whole digestive system will be growing.
So, which ride should we go on first?
Well, how about we give Lewis three hot dogs
then send them up on the Ferris wheel and watch what happens.
Cool.
Alex, I think you better go find a mirror.
What for?
Cover your face and go look in the mirror.
Okay.
It's the Pizza Hut show.
Hey, everybody, when you're buying this,
you can see and quest for real, Johnny.
What do you tweak?
Look, Pizza Hut, I already got mine.
Cool.
Wait, those aren't the real guys.
Sure they are.
And Johnny Fee wants to take you scuba diving.
I don't know.
I'll just tighten your mask.
Look at all the pretty fish, Pizza Hut.
Ooh, pretty.
Hey, there's a big one.
Ooh, good thing sharks don't like pepperoni.
You're telling me.
See you next time.
Real Johnny Quest Packs are at Pizza Hut.
This fall, we're serving up all new episodes
of your favorite shows on Kids Double WB.
That's all right.
Are you pondering what I'm pondering?
It's time to add some great new shows.
Yeah.
Meet the Road Rovers,
Super Hero K-9 crime fighters.
Let's hit the road, Rovers.
Then it's the show everyone's been waiting for,
the all-new spectacular Superman,
only on Kids WB.
Coming this fall on the WB channel,
the critics are calling the big squeeze sexy, funny.
My heart announced me a lot of money.
Well, I never met a problem
that didn't come with the solution
and full of surprises.
And what are you and Benny after?
Can't be better than that.
So we waited at the station for you
to show up with the monsters.
Rock, Amblers.
A film about life.
It's a very dangerous game.
Love.
Your eyes keep widening.
And loose.
Between Tonya and the monster.
Which is more important to you?
The big squeeze.
More on the money, of course.
But first look pictures.
Use it by the iguanas.
Wait, dawg.
Coming soon.
You're watching Snick.
Now back to Alex Mack.
For my next trick,
see this empty hat.
How are you?
Did you have fun?
Yeah.
Did you have a good time?
Good.
How about you?
Did you have a good time?
Did you eat too much candy?
I hope not.
Okay, good.
How about you?
Did you have a good time?
Going a lot of rides?
Good.
You're focused on Mack.
Over the last few years,
my work has concentrated specifically
on the analysis of various new compounds
and their corresponding mechanisms.
I also do some work on recombinant DNA formations,
also known as gene splicing.
Some DNA testing is prohibited by law.
Isn't that true?
Nothing we deal with here at PVC is illegal, sir.
And everything pertaining to Mr. Mack's work
is included in those reports
I had drawn up specifically for you.
Those reports are garbage, Miss Atron.
You know it and I know it.
Well, you'll just have to prove that then, won't you?
Hmm.
Don't leave town, Mack.
I may need to speak with you later.
Hey.
Ray.
Oh, Alex.
Hey, you guys,
I'm gonna go get some more food.
I'll see you later.
Alex.
Funny, Ray.
First, my nose starts to warp,
and now my body's acting like a magnet.
Hope that's over with.
Something's definitely wrong with you.
You need to go home.
I tried, but Vincent said the exits
testing people with his GC-161 detector
as they try to lead him.
You gotta get Annie.
I'm not speaking to her.
Alex, don't act like that.
Who else is gonna help you?
All right, she's at the magic tent.
Let's go.
Come on.
I'm really enjoying seeing Annie embarrassed,
but this is too much.
Keep a look up for Vincent and Dave.
Well, this is an unusual magic show.
I'm sure you're loving my humiliation.
A little.
Yeah.
Where's Bryce?
He got sick.
Can you help me, please?
One trick.
Then I need your help.
Something very weird is going on with me.
I feel so good myself, either.
I can't help it,
and now I can't reform.
Thank you very much for coming,
and we'll see you again next year.
Donations are welcome and expected.
Annie, Vince is here.
Alex, you gotta get out of here.
Go home and meet me in the garage.
All right, just help her get there, okay?
Sure. Let's book her to go.
Sounds like that was quite a spectacular show, young lady.
I'm sorry, you missed it, Vince.
You're a little bit older than my target audience
of six-year-olds, but I'm sure you would have loved it.
Hey, clown, can I get out of here?
Uh, not yet. It's locked.
Someone will be back in a minute till I jout, though.
Locked? What do you mean, locked?
I gotta go. I got a personal emergency to take care of.
Really? What kind of emergency?
Think I'm gonna tell the clown my personal problems.
Just a moment, mister.
Now, this is just the type of thing I've been looking for.
Excuse me?
Slippery sidewalks, uneven concrete.
We got safety violations up the wazoo here.
Oh, what a shame.
I only wish your boy Vince could be here,
but this is gonna cost you some serious bucks.
Not the big ticket item I was looking for,
but there's plenty of time for that.
When did you start feeling weird?
Not long after we entered the carnival.
Did you have something to eat?
No.
Did they give you anything, a prize, something free?
Think. It had to be something you didn't have when you walked in.
I know Chief's case.
They'll give us anything but a raffle ticket.
What was that?
The chemical plant probably coated these with some substance
that reacts with GC-161.
No wonder they told us to make sure and hold on to them.
Thanks, Annie.
Thank you for saving me at the show.
And now that that's over, I'm going back to the carnival.
What for?
What do you think? See if I want a raffle.
Well, you may be brilliant,
but you're the worst magician I've ever seen.
You wouldn't know it from all the donations I got.
So, what about that movie you owe me?
I can't do it, Alex.
I really have to go check on Bryce.
He was really sick before.
Bryce?
Again?
Alex, I was there for you, wasn't I?
And your head was a puddle. I fixed it, didn't I?
Yeah.
Well, next time my head's a puddle,
I want to ask for your help, okay?
Next time your head is a puddle?
Never mind, Mom.
Private joke.
Flying action figures with dragon launchers
each sold separately new from Galoo.
If kids are in the world, I could talk to the animals.
Hey, Spot.
Hi, Joey.
All the animals.
Hey, Bob.
Looking sharp today, Joey.
Hey, Dave.
Yo, dude.
Hi, guys.
Hey, Joe.
He looks good.
They could help with my homework.
Okay, here's what I did on my migration.
I'd ask Mary Gavin's cat if she likes me.
Man, she totally digs you.
Of course, there would be some drawbacks.
Oh, McDonald's.
Hey, you can answer.
Oh, yeah.
Team Tiger is brought to you by Kellogg's Frosted Plate.
We're on the American River at that 15-year-old Kyle Maranella,
champion kayaker.
Where's the reverse?
Here we go.
Kyle's earned his stripes.
Well, all about you.
Take practice and good eating.
Like a complete breakfast with a sweet crunch
of Frosted Plate cereal.
There we go.
Bring out the Tiger.
Now you can hold a tiny world of Disney surprises
in the palm of your hand.
Surprise, surprise.
Magic waits for you.
One of the fairs has really come true.
Oh, you're hot, Pocahontas.
The Beast really?
Yeah.
Magical stories for you to share.
The Disney Tiny Collection.
The Tiny Collection.
Pocahontas, Aladdin, Beauty and the Beast.
You can collect them all.
Houses and playgays is all separately.
Miss Dallon for you to see we're all here.
Why even bother taking attendance?
As assistant principal, I believe in regulations
and procedure, Mr. Band.
If you added those two words to your vocabulary,
you could double it.
Holland Band from Earth.
Check.
Catalina from Staten.
Oh, Susie's here too.
Oh, Joy.
Your imaginary friends here too.
Rosie from Staten.
Check.
Oh, Susie's here too.
Oh, Joy.
Your imaginary friends here too.
Rosie E. Annie from Mercury Colony.
Check.
Good morning, Miss Davenport.
Bova from...
Don't say it.
Your anus.
I hate being from your anus.
I'm the Bolleverie Chuck.
And Radu from Andromeda.
Mr. Radu, I admit I had particularly high hopes
for you being our first Andromedan here
at Star Academy.
I had hopes for you all.
Really?
You just wait, Miss Davenport.
Maybe we can't do the job on paper,
but we can do it when it counts.
On our field test, we'll pass with...
Your field test has been canceled.
What?
Field training in space is both a privilege
and a reward for excellence.
The other cadets are already out on their field training.
We deserve our shot.
It's not fair.
The vacuum of space isn't fair either, Mr. Band.
It can destroy anyone who doesn't have
what it takes to survive,
and none of you has what it takes.
I think so, and so does your teacher,
Commander Goddard.
It is for your own good.
I'll never get out into space.
Where does that come from?
I've never seen anything like it.
Really in design.
Imagine meeting a whole new race?
Let's do more than imagine it.
You're not serious.
I say we take a spaceway out there.
Make first contact.
We'll make history.
We'll be history.
Uh-uh, Harlan, no way.
Forget it.
Spaceway connection made.
Let's go.
This is a major mistake.
Big time.
Let's just...
I'm so glad I decided to come up here.
I practically have to drag you.
Saturn girls don't go anywhere
they don't want to, Harlan.
Yeah.
Just remember there's a fine line
between bravery and stupidity.
Not to me.
The walls.
They feel... warm.
Like the heat from the engines?
No, it's something different.
All right, look, let's spread out.
Let's find out who's running this ship.
Catalina, go to the radio.
Rosie, Boeber.
Hey, who put you in charge?
It was just a suggestion.
Do whatever you want.
Harlan, why not stick with Catalina and me?
You know, it might be safer.
Safer?
With an Andromedan watching my back?
No thanks.
What is your problem?
I don't like Andromedans.
Period.
Anything is tough enough, Ms. Davenport.
And now you expect me to babysit them during their...
It's just Harlan Bay.
What is this place?
You are in the command post of the crystal.
If you would like, I could give you a tour of...
Oh, my memory.
Yeah, I'm missing.
You know that jewel that started you up?
Um, a little crack in it.
You're an android.
Yes.
It almost stands for techno-human emulating machine.
I am in full charge of ship operations.
Would you like a detailed description of our immediate special coordinates?
Okay.
Screen on.
Port monitor.
There is a lovely view of the Horsehead Nebula.
And out our rear monitor,
we have a rapidly diminishing view of the Star Academy.
Within the next five seconds,
we will have left it far behind.
Possibly forever.
Wait, wait, wait.
Hold it.
What did you say?
Hello, Harlan Harlan Band.
I am Thelma.
You are in the command post of crystal.
No.
No, forget that.
Forget that.
All right.
And you are?
Hello, Harlan Harlan Band.
I am Thelma.
We're not exactly on your level when it comes to hearing things right here.
I thought I heard something like engines coming from that direction.
You don't think the ship is moving, do you?
I hope not.
You know, with all the risks we're taking,
I sure hope this entire adventure is worth it.
In the engine room,
the wildest dreams,
or nightmares.
There's a cause in everything.
Isn't it great?
It's the pandas.
The Star Academy onto this ship, and it's my fault.
You should have been watching them.
If someone's going to call himself a teacher.
No.
What I call myself is a former Starship captain
busted and ranked for no good reason
and reassigned as a feat instructor.
No good reason.
That's not what I hear.
Well, whatever you heard, you heard wrong.
I'm not a single crew member yet.
What if they all just disappeared or something?
Then we probably will too.
Oh, Bova, you've got to be positive.
On Mercury, we always look on the sunny side of the street.
But of course on Mercury,
both sides of the street are the sunny side.
Oh, I think I hurt my shoulder on that bunk.
Could use a back massage.
Thanks, Bova.
That feels good.
What does?
Watch it, Rosie.
You're...
It's almost like it's alive.
Talking to your imaginary friend again?
She is not imaginary.
She's invisible.
There's a difference.
And also, be nice because she's an engineering genius.
Like me.
So, what do you and the imaginary...
Sorry, invisible, engineering genius, think about these engines.
Well, we think this might be some kind of
hyperdrive processor for faster than light travel,
but it's got a lot of alien design.
Well, don't touch anything.
The last thing we want to do is start this thing up
and head into deep space faster than light.
Well, blast just triggered the hyperdrive.
No longer moving away from the Star Academy at sublight speed.
That's good.
The hyperdrive engines have been activated.
We are presently moving faster than light.
What did you say?
Hello, Hardin, Hardin Band.
So much trouble, Mr. Band.
No, we are in so much trouble.
We just left the solar system going faster than light.
You, who are you?
I am Thelma.
Can you turn us around?
Can you turn the ship around?
Well, I will need much bigger arms.
Are there any crew members on the ship?
Well, yes.
There is one from Earth, from Saturn, from Mercury,
from Uranus, and from Andromeda.
That's not the crew, that's us.
Yes, you are the crew.
Hi, oh, I don't, you know.
He keeps his eye on you, who should see?
Love this choice, Froston.
We're talking serious.
Stay here, Cranwin.
Oh, Cranwin, wait.
You better stay.
You must think of me.
He ought to be back up to the mothership.
Come on, Froston.
Many weeks.
Serial is part of this complete breakfast.
Tastes so good.
Who cares about anything else?
I don't care.
More kids.
He likes him.
If kids are in the world, I could talk to the animals.
Hey, Spot.
Hi, Joey.
All the animals.
Hey, Bob.
Looking sharp today, Joey.
Hey, Dave.
Yo, dude.
Hi, guys.
Hey, Joe.
He looks good.
They could help with my homework.
Okay.
Here's what I did on my migration.
I asked Mary Gavin's cat if she liked me.
Man, she totally digs you.
Of course, there would be some drawbacks.
Oh, McDonald's.
McDonald's.
Let me show you that.
Hey, you can have her.
Oh, yeah.
Stay tuned for more Space Cases on X.
This is a mistake.
They can't be the crew.
Yeah, we can't be the crew.
They're just students.
Flunking students.
The space cases.
The misfits.
Nothing personal, Mr. Band.
You know, maybe we could be the crew.
Don't count on it.
We're going to end this little adventure double quick.
These things, are they part of the control system?
I think so.
But I don't remember the proper combinations.
Is there anything you do know?
The crystals won't move.
The controls are frozen.
No, they're not.
Look.
Does your work for me?
Well, maybe.
Maybe.
It only works for kids.
Working.
Maybe Bulba's electrical bolts views the relays.
Good.
Leave it on me.
These videos are in some strange alien language.
But as near as I can tell, we're light years away from home.
It's still going.
But see if you can find a backup control room somewhere,
and we'll keep trying to shut down the hyperdrive from here.
The Krista has two means of propulsion,
and I am glad with solar sails propelled by solar winds
and a hyperdrive engine fueled by a protomix.
Why do they call it the Krista?
Ah, that's the questions here, Mr. Band.
It is named after an earth teacher who died
during the early years of space exploration.
Why would an alien ship be named after an earth teacher?
Would you like to know?
Yes.
So would I.
Of course, I'd also like to know the nature of that large
spatial distortion chasing us.
What spatial distortion?
Screen on.
Spatial distortion.
It's a legendary spatial repair in the fabric of space.
For a legend, it looks disgustingly real.
What happens if we're pulled in?
Theoretically, you can wind up falling through
to any part of the galaxy.
Maybe the universe.
It's a cosmic fast lane.
I don't know for sure, though.
No one's ever survived to report back.
Can we all run it?
Yes.
As long as the hyperdrive engines are functioning.
Where are the others?
In the engine room.
They're trying to shut down the hyperdrive.
Jump tubes run throughout the ship.
You can program your destination with this.
Susie says you should power down the hyperdrive.
Either that or flush every toilet in the ship.
Very funny.
Okay, well, here goes.
Commander, what are you doing here?
I'm here to bring you kids back.
But first we had to make sure that you didn't shut down the hyperdrive.
Well, we thought we had, but apparently not.
Is that what I think it is?
Yep, the hyperdrive just shut down.
Susie says it'll take 20 minutes to restart it.
We haven't got 20 minutes.
Come on, maybe we can still outmaneuver it.
Get it, Commander, the ship won't respond to you.
Just us.
I don't know, it bonded with us or something.
Why don't we take a shot at it?
Rosie, Bova, standing in tactical.
Renu, take navigation.
I don't want him navigating.
Do it.
Plot of course.
Uh, bring us to 180 on the X-axis.
I'm on it. I'm on it.
I've got as much power going into the solar sails as I can.
It's catching up.
We are going to die.
We are all going to die.
Dalma, what's our position?
We're on the floor, sir.
I think he means where in space are we?
Where do the Y-circles spit us out?
One moment, I am already calculating.
Don't believe this.
I just don't believe this.
This can't be happening.
Of our trip back, we'll be seven years, four months, and 22 days.
Maybe if we put our heads together, we could think of something.
I knew this would happen.
We're dead.
What, sir?
You're saying Susie isn't?
This is insane.
I have veer to tickets for tonight.
It's not a Saturday.
I should need to be dead.
I should be back home with the principal.
Assistant.
The only thing you can trust we're drumming for is to screw things up.
I was three weeks shy.
Three more weeks and my career as a teacher would have been over.
I've been back out in space with a crew.
Instead, I'm...
Back out in space?
With a crew?
I put my...this isn't fair.
The vacuum of space isn't fair, Commander.
It can destroy anybody who doesn't have what it takes to survive.
Right, Ms. Davenport?
Actually, when I told you that, I was quoting an essay written by a promising young woman.
By a promising young star Academy cadet some years back.
One Seth Goddard by name.
I consider some of your early work required reading.
So, what do we do now, Commander?
I won't lie to you.
As exciting as tempting as space can be, it can also be harsh and unforgiving.
Now, for some reason, this ship thinks of you as its crew.
You've got to start thinking of yourselves that way, too.
But I saw you do it earlier.
I think you can do it again.
Mr. Radu, what do you say?
Scenic rope?
Sounds good to me, Mr. Ban.
Engines are online.
Gentlemen, sick course for home.
Not a problem.
How do you do that again?
Hey, you guys know which one of us gets to push the stage manager and the big tub of yogurt this week?
You got to push him down the stairs last week.
I get to push him in a big tub of yogurt.
You got to run him over with the minibike.
The least I should get to do is push him into the big tub of yogurt.
No way! You got to blow your nose on him. I haven't gotten to do anything.
Yeah, me neither.
Fine. It's between Keenan, Alisa, and Katrina.
Well, there's only one way we're going to settle who gets to do this.
That's right. A limbo contest.
All right, Lloyd Bets, you hold the stick with Scotty, our sound effects guy.
Yo, we have a limbo contest. You might hold the stick.
All right.
Can you cue up some limbo music or something?
Sir.
Oh, very nice.
Come on, Keenan.
Come on, Bo.
All right, Dad.
Five minutes, five minutes, everybody.
That big tub of yogurt smells funny.
Really?
I better go sniffing.
Yeah.
Look and watch.
Ready yet?
Get set.
It's all that.
This is Captain Queasy speaking.
We are currently flying very, very high,
and we are directly above the ground.
So just sit back, relax, and try not to throw up.
Set the previous level two degrees, Southeast.
Two degrees?
I see you're wearing a parachute.
That's unusual.
Well, with this parachute on my back,
if I'm sucked out of the plane as we fly,
I'd only be inconvenienced.
I would not be harmed in any way.
Captain, this is a little crispy.
Do you want to see the cut scenes?
Oh, a little crispy.
Wow.
What is this, still?
In terms that seems we have a bit of a problem here.
No, Biggie.
You just...
No, crazy.
How did it do?
I'm Clavis, and this is right here.
I'm Mavis.
I want to die of soda.
Can you fly this plane?
Oh, that's okay.
I want to die of soda.
And some of those little honey roasted peanuts.
Yeah, honey roasted peanuts.
No, no, not for who can fly this plane.
Sure you do.
Me and Mavis flew all kinds of planes back in W-W-2.
And some Mavis grew ponds on this big toe,
and we had to leave the service.
Yeah, I was a special student.
If you land a safely,
I'll give you 10,000 honey roasted nuts
and enough dine and soda to fill a swimming pool.
Oh, it's gone.
Like I'm probably never going to be able to break a dome.
Just like this.
Flap down, defibrillation normal.
Power up as you cruise it.
Check growth.
Kitterous.
Roger that.
Mavis.
Land again down.
Remove assist.
Pop a pimple.
Where's the six ship?
Mayday, mayday.
We have an emergency on flight 9-0-9.
Now, where is the horn?
You know this is nothing like my old Cadillac.
This is the control tower.
It's on the speaker.
Girlie, girl, get off the rediddy
or put on some gen ejection.
I love gen ejection.
Remember when she was penny on good times?
My, my, my, how penny has grown.
Man, if I was 10 years younger, you know.
Oh, this is Mavis and Clavis
requesting Clivis on runway 6
when landing this bad boy.
Roger on that, Mavis and Clavis.
You're cleared for landing.
You better have some dine soda waiting.
Oh, and some honey roasted nuts.
Here we go.
Mavis and Clavis, you've saved this plane
from serious damage.
Oh, and you've saved some people, too.
How could we force best airlines ever thank you?
I think, you know.
Of course, my high-hair friends.
Bring in the nuts and soda.
Oh, and then the honey roasted nuts.
Oh, I feel so happy.
Step down.
Cheer up, cheer up, cheer up, cheer up.
Now, Roy Beth Denver,
the vital information for your everyday life.
If you give a man a fish, you feed him for a day.
If you put a fish in your pants,
you feel all silly.
If people were more like animals,
our carpets would have many more stains.
This has been Roy Beth Denver with vital information.
Thank you for your, uh, exhaustive study of the mong beans.
Cody?
Presenting the effect of camcron cereal on Mrs. Oak's ice glass.
Thank you.
This is a list of parts of a balanced breakfast.
Let's study another bowl.
Thank you.
There's nothing cool to do.
You can hop into Burger King.
Marvin's too.
400 kids club meal.
Look who's chosen the Burger King.
Go be doing the whole gang.
You can collect all five toys.
One with every kids club meal.
Thank you.
Let's watch Snick now, back to on.
How do we do this?
Now, who can tell me what dangling particpals are?
Um, is that one of phrase in this sentence
something it's not supposed to quite correct for example look at the sentence
cooking in her new microwave grandma was happy now we all know that a
grandmother can't fit in a microwave so that's that noise sorry I got beep beep
the classroom is no place for a beeper right sorry now the phrase cooking in
her new microwave should not be here instead if we were to take a look at the
man at the mall ain't no way I'll ride my bike 22 miles to see that nerve
afraid by the bell sorry miss Fingley I was just returning that page you know in
my classroom you put that cellular phone away this instant yes ma'am yo man I call
you back there is to be no more pages or telephone calls of any kind is that
clear yes now if we look at the phrase cooking in her new microwave we
notice that the modifier is the third word
yo what's up I can't come to the fall right now I'm in English class hey yo dude
pick up hey yo pick up there's no place in English class for an answering
machine all right man page me later
in a click-off in a second
listen you there's to be no more calls answering machines are pages of any
time this is a classroom not the bridge of a starship all you make me angry
right
dear let's move on to preposition
that there would be a better choice of words if we were just a fact miss
mainly from Debbie Debbie Debbie okay find out just what else is young man's
got here
believe this I just saw Roseanne bar
Roseanne proper television
all right everybody listen I'm filling in for a usual aerobics instructor because she's got a wick in her ass
well but
what do you want us to do I don't know
hop up and down or something go and what about some music yeah
I'm a tuning your head
start hopping
put the TV over there
good
now go back where it came from
where's my remote control
there it is
uh Roseanne aren't you supposed to exercise with us
I pulled a grind muscle so feel me
but I'm so all right everybody I like this
now pretend you got a TV remote in your hand
ready begin
on, off, on, off, on
this isn't helping anything
oh all right stop it now um
close
open
what's this exercise for
for getting fried chicken out of the fridge see
fried food
what kind of diet is that for an aerobics instructor
it's a new diet call the
I'll eat whatever I want and you get off my back diet
what do I do
eat
so
hey
Roseanne I think I'm speaking for everyone when I say
these aerobics are very bad
finally these pancakes
you're like
fish
whoa
there's a day at Little Pratt's
half price of
pantyhole
half pork rind
and I ain't missing it from the life
pantyhole then
I'll just say this aerobics class couldn't get any weirder
panty-hole everybody
now get
I lost my backpack has anyone turned one in
one in hmm is it a black canvas bag with lights all around it yes that's the
one wait just a minute how do I know that this is yours because I told you
so I'm instructed to get a detailed description before releasing any items
a calculator yep what else a teddy bear anything unusual about the teddy
bear matter of fact it only has one eye so far so good
well there's a lot of stuff in here okay there's a glow-in-the-dark statue of
Liberty
doesn't look like it glows to me like first just a big red flash and I
not much of a glow if you ask me but I'll give you the benefit of the doubt
how do we have not yet established that this is your stuff
what about the hatched clippers
that's how on earth we know they win there lucky guess well that's five lucky
guesses in a row look people pick six winning numbers in the lottery every day
a lot of people I'm not impressed there's still one more thing in here
okay there's a gold pendant with an inscription from my grandmother which
says I will always have a special place for you in my heart love Grandma Eva
aha nice try this has loved Grandma Ethel not Eva close but no backpack you're
right I can't believe it I guess this isn't my stuff that's exactly why we go
through this procedure I'm sorry I wasted your time oh quite all right it
happens all the time
more that coming up
So this good breakfast with eight magical marshmallows.
And they can name them, can you?
I'm driving with you.
Lucky tongue, the magically delicious.
Where's that box?
I'm freezing.
Cold turkey.
He's a different cold turkey.
He's a quiver of cold turkey.
He's a chicken, cold turkey from the big bacon.
Cold turkey, quake, and I-
Oh, you warm ovens would be nice.
Grab your cold cubes with them in your tray.
Chose the other bag for it until they tray wins.
My big, his bro, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Cold turkey, he's a chicken, cold turkey from the big bacon.
Cold turkey, quake, and I-
Cold turkey from Mils and Bradley.
The bag is not included.
Stay tuned for more arse on Snakes.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
hold up on that, hold on that.
Hey, hey, hey, hello.
Well, hello.
That's Madison, well, anyway, my name is Clavis.
Chris, back up, Clavis.
I saw the sweet potato first.
Oh, with your bad eyes, you probably
can't see the sweet potato now.
Don't tell us that they would die.
It's the truth.
He's just mad, because they watched his underwear
and hot water, and now they all
take the sweet potato.
That's not the truth.
Everybody come join the round.
Listen to Clavis tell his tall kids.
The only thing tall around is your big,
swollen, fluffy head.
Stop.
Please, I sure as about to perform.
Oh, I know that we know.
I sure as we good friends, we going back to see him
back in the show.
Yeah, and we going to introduce him, too.
Live number three, Clavis, Clavis, wake up.
The sweet potato calling us, Clavis.
What, what?
I know for a fact that he is going to introduce us.
Oh, really?
We'll check this out.
Inject us.
Whoopsy-daisy.
Yeah, whoopsy-daisy.
Ladies and gentlemen, please clap your hands
and give it up one time for my good friend.
Yeah.
Everybody give a high five.
Oh, what do you mean?
We about to have a little party up in here.
Well, if you're in the house, then let me just say,
whoa.
Give it up one time for my good friend.
Thinking about you.
That's over.
You've done too.
I can't.
It's cool at the most.
No one needs all kinds of heat stores.
Some stores are also separate from cap toys.
That is not included.
Ready?
Mm-hmm.
Ha, ha, ha.
They're safe.
Are you in?
Here we go.
Bye.
New kid, what's your name?
Hello there.
And I hail from Camillo, Ohio.
Well, then, today, my name's Felix.
Felix Humor.
I'll be your bully for today's trip.
Nickelodeon presents another episode of...
As Our School Bus.
What?
My name's him. No, sir, not a bit.
Huh?
He used to call me Fenerbahce, too.
Only, I called Mr. Ridley, because he said,
Fenerbahce, if you call me Mr. Ridley,
I'll tell you where the world's not gonna be funny,
because Fenerbahce is actually an indoor scene.
That means gigantic walls.
Because, thanks, me, a gigantic wall.
Anyway, then, now, right my last name will work.
Like someone who makes things like,
say, a chair.
Just hear that?
Okay.
Then we've finally finished talking.
No, my middle name's Vax and me.
Does that mean Vox and me or is that each friend
is particularly sick?
Will Felix Humor ever recover?
He just kept going.
Stop where you're going.
And who would wear his dad's very expensive
Italian-made tassel loafers with white socks?
Now that you snick-snack...
Sir, sir!
Tell us what you think.
Write us.
Or email us.
So, what do you think?
No, really, write us.
Modem, get in touch.
We're waiting!
I'll never forget that morning.
That terrible morning when disaster struck.
Hey, pal.
Mom told me what happened.
I'm really sorry.
Oh, Pete.
Death is a part of life.
You know that.
Oh, hey, hey, hey.
You remember when you accidentally laminated
Snipper, Mom's parent?
I'm sorry.
I'm just trying to cheer you up.
I know.
It's just there was still so much stuff
we wanted to do.
And now, it's dead.
I know what you're thinking.
How can a penny die?
Easy when it's a lucky two-headed penny.
Pete's penny was the ultimate good luck charm.
Strong enough to rescue him from over-carbonated
cherry splurge.
Powerful enough to ward off evil mutants
armed with Cold War weaponry.
But that morning,
Pete knew the spleen-sucking truth.
It's dead, Pete.
It's out of luck.
Are you sure?
Yeah, I'm sure.
You look it happened.
I can't be sad that she meant it.
Or have you been to your target yet?
It's in there.
This is the story of a kid and his penny.
No ordinary kid, no ordinary penny.
Unfortunately, luck had run out for both of them.
It all started for Pete with a sudden outbreak
of back hair
and continued for 17 straight days
of natural catastrophes
and man-made disasters.
Pardon me.
May I have this punch?
Until finally,
Pete knew it was time for his once-lucky penny
to have a burial at sea.
Don't drop it, Pete.
Then we can hear the plunky sound when it hits the bottom.
No, Pete.
You can recharge it like a battery.
I can?
Do burps taste like hot dogs?
Mind you.
Recharging a lucky penny is easy.
All you gotta do is have a train run it over.
Really?
That is a bunch of crud.
It is not.
And I know the perfect place.
Then train tracks near Smedley Ravine.
Smedley Ravine, that's 10 miles away.
How are we supposed to get there?
Leave that to me.
Now, in case you didn't know,
Smedley Ravine was in Glert County,
10.2 miles away to be exact.
But fortunately for Pete,
the ravine was also near the platesmith.
The repair shop for people with metal plates in their head.
Like our mom.
Pete knew there was no way mom would take him there
to penny the tracks.
So he didn't bother to ask her.
Sorry.
You know, in Kreb Scouts, we have a word for this.
Lamo.
Monica, would you please?
I know.
I gotta believe, right?
No.
You gotta get off my lucky smack.
Once her smack was set free,
known as set free the good luck spirits.
It was an ancient ritual,
passed down from the old country,
somewhere near Milwaukee.
I made that part up.
Through the train flattened it.
All we gotta do is look for the scrape
when we come back tomorrow.
Tomorrow, good one.
Pete, the only train that runs on these tracks
is the midnight special.
We gotta come back tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
But I'm all out of luck.
What'll I do till then?
Just lay low.
Have a seat, carrot head.
Meet Pete Stain, my brother's arch enemy.
A glandular freak,
dedicated to destroying the kid who gave him his nickname.
This must be my lucky day, right, scape socket?
Mint.
Show it in your armpit, Pete Stain.
We all have our problems, Wrigley.
Mine happens to be glandular.
Yours happens to be my fist.
Hi, I'm Stu Benedict, bus driver,
and you're sweating all over me.
It's his glands.
It is not.
It's just unseasonably warm today.
I think the weather's perfect for you to take a hike.
Yeah.
I'm going, I'm going.
But the day is young, Wrigley.
So young.
Oh, yeah?
Once the midnight special flattens my penny,
my luck will be back and you'll be sweating bullets.
We'll see about that.
You saved my butt, Stu.
It's all in the timing, Pete.
That's why some men are men and some men are bus drivers.
Yeah.
Well, thanks.
Look, pal, there's something you should know.
Penneying a track is against the law.
It's destroying government property.
Oh, we're scared.
It's worth it.
Is there enough?
So, I guess it won't bother you when the train derails,
flipping off the track,
exploding into a fireball,
ripping into twisted humps.
Not to mention Law's luggage.
No!
Yes.
Gotta get that penny.
I gotta get that penny.
You don't actually believe in that luck stuff, do you?
I do if Wrigley does.
And he's been lucky till now.
But if I get the penny, I'll have the luck.
And Wrigley,
he'll be crispy duck.
Hey, I made a rhyme.
Buster up, you guys.
We got a train to catch.
You know, I heard that when it trains rails,
the g-force takes the people and turns them inside out.
Is that wicked or what?
No, no.
Maybe you should have told us that before Pete Penneying's track.
Nag, nag, nag.
I can't believe it.
At midnight, that train's gonna go flying.
And it's all because of me.
Don't worry, Pete. We'll get there on time.
Besides, I'm like a good luck force field.
I'm wearing my lucky hat, my lucky shoelaces,
my lucky candy necklace, and...
my lucky underwear.
Pete, you don't need luck.
You need this.
The Viper.
Be careful.
It could strike at any moment.
The Viper's built-in range action compass
is telling us to walk magnetic north.
We should reach the ravine at 10 o'clock.
Plenty of time, right?
Right.
And I brought food so he won't go hungry.
Right?
Right.
And we have all night,
because we told our parents we were sleeping at Wayne's house.
Right?
Right.
I'd rather eat a chocolate covered dust bunny
than sleep at Wayne's house.
Guys, wake up from me!
Guys, come on, wake up!
Say hello to Wayne Pardew,
also known as Wayne the Pain.
Talk about lousy luck.
Geez, Louise.
I'm not glad I called you.
Hey, I heard you guys were sleeping over my house tonight.
Man, this is gonna be a solid day.
Solid as a rock.
Like your head.
So, what do you want to do till the sleepover?
Eh, you wouldn't be into it.
You know, we're just gonna go and, uh...
Look for Penny.
Super genius!
I'm in!
Oh, wait!
Wait till you see what I got!
A Krib Star 2000 flashlight.
Just a picture of a frogman on the box
holding a thousand feet of water.
But it's good just for seeing stuff in the dark, too.
You guys didn't bring one.
Did you?
Listen up.
This is it.
No turning back.
Not till we find my Penny.
Deal?
Deal.
Oh, one more thing.
Less than there's a blood blister.
Laugh while you can, stinkfist.
Because by midnight,
you'll be crying.
You're watching this, Nick.
Now, back to the adventures of Pete and Pete.
See that Krabbs got turning green?
Someone whisked in her canteen.
That's not how it goes.
For the first few hours, none of the nightcrawlers
seemed too worried.
Sure, the Penny was still miles away.
And sure, hundreds of lives were in their hands.
But for a while, none of that mattered.
Monica kept the moving magnetic north.
Nona kept the bad luck spirits at bay.
And as for Wayne...
You didn't know.
Except for Alaska, Alabama, Arizona, and Idaho.
Ohio is the only state that begins and ends with a vowel.
Really?
Wow.
Hey guys, I know a shortcut.
Through the gully. It's that way.
Hey, Princess Lucky Underpants.
Let's go.
Hold your horses.
I'm tying a lucky knot.
A twist and a tuck means good, good luck.
So off they went, hoping to head off a train wreck.
Little did they know that they were on their way
to their own disaster.
It's not just that Nona forgot about the food,
as they made their way toward the ravine.
There was somebody out there
who hadn't forgot about them.
Ladybug and Ladybug, fly away home.
Remind me to do that to Wrigley when I catch him.
The 10, the 20.
Bob, this kid can bring them to the Super Bowl.
This kid can really make it.
This kid can go all the way.
Wayne, Bob, this kid is a super genius.
Wayne, touch down.
I'm just hungry.
When I get hungry, I get hyper.
Dr. Kleinmarker says that's due to my blood corpuscles.
He said the corpuscles...
Wayne!
Nona, give Mr. Hyper something to eat.
Okay.
Uh, I can't.
Don't even say it.
Okay.
About my corpuscles.
All right.
Everybody just calm down.
We'll be okay.
You guys probably wouldn't have liked what I brought anyway.
Rumpfish!
You simply must try the lobster.
It is divine.
By dusk, it was official.
My brother's lousy luck was back
and meeking up for lost time.
Bite me sideways.
This can't be the right way.
Sorry, Pete.
It's hard to navigate when you're starving to death.
I said I was sorry.
If it's such a big problem, Monica,
why don't you go find us some food?
Good idea.
I see some right now.
No!
It's that lucky candy necklace!
I am so sick and tired of hearing lucky this and lucky that.
Why don't you take your lucky necklace,
stuff it down your lucky mouth
before I push you down this lucky hill
and make you poop in your lucky under...
Hear the call of the hungry, luckless crybabies.
Mint?
Pit stain?
Maybe we should go home now.
Uh-uh.
We made a pledge, Wayne.
We're not stopping until we get my penny.
I'll get you there, Pete.
Promise.
Let's go!
It didn't take a two-headed Abe Lincoln
to figure out that if Pete didn't get his penny
before pit stain,
his life was gonna derail.
But unfortunately,
Pete wasn't only out of luck.
He was running out of daylight
and almost out of time.
Which way?
That way.
Sure?
Yeah.
I have this idea.
You know where I act as a decoy
and I split off and run all the way home?
Wayne, I don't have time for this.
You gotta keep going or else people are going to die.
Uh-oh.
Did you check the batteries before you left Wayne?
We can still make it to the ravine.
No, we can't.
We're lost.
Lost?
I'm blind without my compass.
Can't you never get by the stars or something?
I haven't gotten that merit badge yet.
I'm sorry I let you down.
I can't believe this is happening.
All those people.
Here.
The yellow ones taste like summer.
I'll hold onto it.
For luck.
My problem.
I'm the one who wants.
Up beans.
I'm going with you.
Yeah, we're in this thing together.
Not me.
I'm going home.
Wayne!
The 28!
You know.
Touchdown.
Penny.
My penny.
Over my dead body, you freak!
My associates could arrange that.
Heronet.
Drosch.
From now on, Wrigley,
you're going to feel what it's like
to be unlucky.
Look.
This isn't about luck anymore.
I don't get that, Penny.
And that train is going to derail,
flip off the track,
and explode into a fireball!
No.
I knew I should have brought my camera.
Look, next time, Pitstein.
And it's mine.
Mine!
Drop it, Pitstein.
With the power vested in me
by the Wellsville busing and transit authority.
You're under bus arrest.
How'd you know we were here?
Just passing by, right place, right time.
For you, wrong place, wrong time.
On the bus.
How come the train didn't derail?
Must be Pete's lucky day.
Hey, Pitstein.
Penny, for your thoughts.
Here's one for free.
I know where you live!
It turns out that Stu was right.
Because at that moment,
my brother never felt luckier.
And not just because of a penny.
Thanks for standing by me.
You know?
I don't think I need this anymore.
What are you talking about?
It's your lucky penny.
And it's totally recharged.
I know.
But there are some things you need more than luck.
They all knew what Pete meant.
It was something they couldn't put into words.
But then, they didn't have to.
Let's go home.
You guys still want to sleep over my house?
Sure, Wayne.
I like that.
Yeah, me too.
Super genius.
And maybe tomorrow night, we can stay in one of your houses.
Man, that would be solid.
So who wants to go next?
Oh, I know, we'd go alphabetically.
I think we might need this.
But if you don't want to go alphabetically,
we could go counterclockwise.
Counterclockwise.
Same thing too.
Kiss and tell me.
Every time you do.
Oh, spaghettios!
Now, if you look deep inside,
you can experience the exciting adventures of Chuck Quest
with these cool Quest World holograms.
You can collect all six.
Now, when you're specially marked labels of spaghettios.
Big news.
Now, you'll get two more Kellogg's Popcarts in every box.
What?
That's right. Two extra Popcarts.
The one with real, yummy fruit inside.
And who has to warm them up?
Me!
Now, eight for the price of six.
People, what are you doing?
Do you want me to blow a coil?
Kellogg's Popcarts.
A delicious part of this complete breakfast.
Now, even cooler, because you get eight.
No, they're cool.
They're hot! Not cause you get eight.
Who is that New Yorkie?
Diana.
The award-customizable card.
Should I have?
Fight for the galaxy.
And the.
Who is going to fly?
The.
I'm not such a bad pilot myself.
Then, fuck her up, because this step's ready to fly.
You can cause me photographic.
She's always customizable cause the galaxy in a box.
I'm you!
After I Love Lucy,
fit tight with a Lucy-desi comedy hour
on Nick at Night.